do lead work on Codex.
>> Codex is open coding agent. We think of
Codex as just the [music] beginning of a
software engineering teammate. It's a
bit like this really smart intern that
refuses to read Slack, doesn't check
Data [music] Dog unless you ask it to.
>> I remember Carpot that he tweeted the
gnarliest bugs that he runs into that he
just spends hours trying to figure out.
Nothing else has solved. He gives it to
Codex, lets it run for an hour and it
solves it.
>> Starting to see glimpses of the future
where we're actually starting to have
Codeex be on call for its own training.
Codex writes a lot of the code that
helps like manage its training run. the
key infrastructure. And [music] so we
have a codeex code review is like
catching a lot of mistakes. It's
actually caught some like pretty
interesting configuration mistakes. One
of the most mind-blowing examples of
acceleration, the Sora Android app, like
a fully new app. We built it in 18 days
and then 10 days later, so 28 days
total, we went to the public. How do you
think you win [music] in this space?
>> One of our major goals with Codex is to
get to proactivity. If we're going to
build a super assistant has to be able
[music] to do things. One of the
learnings over the past year is that for
models to do stuff, they are much more
effective when they can use a computer.
It turns out the best way for models to
use [music] computers is simply to write
code. And so we're kind of getting to
this idea where if you want to build any
agent, maybe you should be building a
coding agent.
>> When you think about progress on codecs,
I imagine you have a bunch of evals and
there's all these public benchmarks.
>> A few of us are like constantly on
Reddit. You know, there's a there's
praise up there and there's a lot of
complaints. What we can do as a product
team just [music] try to always think
about how are we building a tool so that
it feels like we're maximally
accelerating people rather than building
a tool that makes it more unclear what
you should do as the human. Being at
OpenAI, I can't not ask about how far
you think we are from AGI.
>> The current underappreciated [music]
limiting factor is literally human
typing speed or human multitasking
speed.
Today, my guest is Alexander Emiros,
product lead for Codeex, OpenAI's
incredibly popular and powerful coding
agent. In the words of Nick Turley, head
of Chachi BT and former podcast guest,
Alex is one of my all-time favorite
humans I've ever worked with, and
bringing him and his company into OpenAI
ended up being one of the best decisions
we've ever made. Similarly, Kevin Wheel,
OpenAI CPO, said, "Alex is simply the
best." In our conversation, we chat
about what it's truly like to build
product at OpenAI. How Codeex allowed
the Sora team to ship the Sora app,
which became the number one app in the
App Store in under one month. Also, the
20x growth Codeex is seeing right now,
and what they did to make it so good at
coding. Why his team is now focused on
making it easier to review code, not
just write code. His AGI timelines, his
thoughts on when AI agents will actually
be really useful, and so much more. A
huge thank you to Ed Baze, Nick Turley,
and Dennis Yang for suggesting topics
for this conversation. If you enjoy this
podcast, don't forget to subscribe and
follow it in your favorite podcasting
app or YouTube. And if you become an
annual subscriber of my newsletter, you
get a year free of 19 incredible
products, including a year free of
Devon, Lovable, Replet, Bolt, Nadam,
Linear, Superhum, Descript, Whisper
Flow, Gamma, Perplexity, Warp, Granola,
Magic Patterns, Raycast, Champardd, Mob,
and Post Hog, and Stripe Atlas. Head on
over to lenniesnewsletter.com and click
product pass. With that, I bring you
Alexander and Biricos after a short word
from our sponsors.
Here's a puzzle for you. What do OpenAI,
Cursor, Perplexity, Verscell, Platt, and
hundreds of other winning companies have
in common? The answer is they're all
powered by today's sponsor, Work OS. If
you're building software for
enterprises, you've probably felt the
pain of integrating single signon, skim,
arbback, audit logs, and other features
required by big customers. Works turns
those deal blockers into drop-in APIs
with a modern developer platform built
specifically for B2B SAS. Whether you're
a seedstage startup trying to land your
first enterprise customer or a unicorn
expanding globally, work OS is the
[music] fastest path to becoming
enterprise ready and unlocking growth.
They're essentially Stripe for
enterprise features. Visit workos.com to
get started or just hit up their Slack
support where they have real engineers
in there who answer your questions super
fast. Workos allows you to build like
the best with delightful APIs,
comprehensive docs, and a smooth
developer experience. Go to work os.com
to make your app enterprise ready today.
This episode is brought to you by Finn,
the number one AI agent for customer
service. If your customer support
tickets are piling up, then you need
Finn. Finn is the highest performing AI
agent on the market with a 65% average
resolution rate. Finn resolves even the
most complex customer queries. No other
AI agent performs better. In
head-to-head bakeoffs with competitors,
Finn wins every time. Yes, switching to
a new tool can be scary, but Finn works
on any help desk with no migration
needed, which means you don't have to
overhaul your current system or deal
with delays in service for your
customers. [music] And Finn is trusted
by over 6,000 customer service leaders
and top companies like Anthropic,
Shuttertock, Cynthia, Clay, Vant,
Lovable,Mundday.com, and more. And
because Finn is powered by the Finn AI
engine, which is a continuously
improving system that allows you to
analyze, train, test, and deploy with
ease, Finn can continuously improve your
results, too. So, if you're ready to
transform your customer service, and
scale your support, give Finn a try for
only 99 cents per resolution. Plus, Finn
comes with a 90-day money back
guarantee. Find out how Finn can work
for your team at f.ai/lenny.
That's finn.ai/lenny.
Alexander, thank you so much for being
here and welcome to the podcast.
>> Thank you so much. I've been following
for ages and I'm excited to be here.
>> I'm even more excited. I really
appreciate that. I want to start with
your time at Open AI. So, you joined
OpenAI about a year ago. Before that,
you had your own startup for about 5
years. Before that, you were a product
manager at Dropbox. I imagine OpenAI is
very different from every other place
you've worked. Let me just ask you this.
What is most different about how OpenAI
operates? And what's something that
you've learned there that you think
you're going to take with you wherever
you go, assuming you ever leave? By far,
I would say the speed and ambition of
working at OpenAI are just like
dramatically more than what I can
imagine. And you know, I guess it's kind
of an embarrassing thing to say because
you, you know, everyone who's a startup
founder thinks like, "Oh yeah, my
startup moves super fast and the talent
bar is super high and we're super
ambitious." But I have to say like
working at OpenAI just kind of like made
me reimagine what he what that even
means. We hear this a lot about, you
know, feels like every AI company is
just like, "Oh my god, I can't believe
how fast they're moving." Is there an
example of just like, "Wow, that
wouldn't have happened this quickly
anywhere else."
>> The most obvious thing that comes to
mind is just like the the explosive
growth of codeex itself. I think it's a
while since we bumped our external
number, but like you know it's like the
the 10xing of Codeex's scale was just
like super fast in a matter of months
and it's like well more since then. And
you know like once you've lived through
that or at least in speaking for myself
like having lived through that now I
feel like anytime I'm going to spend my
time on like you know building tech
product there's that kind of that speed
and scale that I now need to to to meet.
If I think of like what I was doing in
my startup, it moved like way slower.
And I, you know, there's always this
balance with startups of like how much
do you commit to an idea that you have
versus like find out that it's not
working uh and then pivot. But I think
one thing I've realized at OpenAI is
like the the amount of impact that we
can have and in fact need to have to do
a good job is so high that it it's a I
have to be like way more ruthless with
how I spend my time. Before we get to
codeex, is there a way that they've
structured the org or I don't know the
way that open operates that allows the
team to move this quickly because
everyone everyone wants to move super
fast. I imagine there's a structural
approach to allowing this to happen.
>> I mean, so one thing is just the
technology that we're building with has
like just transformed so many things,
you know, from like both how we build
but also like what kinds of things we
can enable uh for users. And you know we
spend most of our time talking about
like the sort of improvements within the
foundation models but I I believe that
even if we had no more progress today
with models which is absolutely not the
case but if even if we had no more
progress we are way behind on product.
There's so much more product to build.
>> So I think like just like the moment is
ripe if that makes sense.
>> But I think there's a lot of sort of
counterintuitive things that surprised
me when I arrived as far as like how
things are structured. One example that
comes to mind is like when I was working
on my startup and and before that when I
was a Dropbox, it was like very
important, you know, especially as a PM
to like always kind of rally the ship
and it was kind of like make sure you're
pointed in the right direction and then
you can like accelerate in that
direction. But here I think because we
don't exactly know like what
capabilities will even come up soon and
we don't know what's going to work uh
technically and then we also don't know
what's going to land even if it works
technically. It's much more important
for us to be very like humble and learn
a lot more empirically and just try
things quickly and like the org is is
set up in that way to to be incredibly
bottoms up. You know, this is again one
of those things that like as you were
saying, everyone wants to move fast. I
think everyone likes to say that they're
bottoms up or at least a lot of people
do, but OpenAI is like truly truly
bottoms up and that's like been a
learning experience for me that now like
it it'll be interesting if I ever work
at like I don't think it'll ever the
it'll even make sense to work at a nonAI
company in the future. I don't even know
what that means. But if I were to
imagine it or go back in time, I think I
would like run things totally different.
>> What I'm hearing is kind of this uh
ready, fire, aim uh is the approach more
than ready, aim, fire. And this
something and as you processed that uh
because that may not come across well
but I actually have heard this a lot at
AI companies is because you don't know
and Nick Charlie shared I think the same
sentiment because you don't know how
people will use it. It doesn't make
sense to spend a lot of time making it
perfect. It's better to just get it out
there in a primordial way see how people
use it and then go big on that use case.
Yeah. It's like to okay to use this
analogy a little bit I feel like there
there is an aim component but the aim
component is much fuzzier. you know,
it's kind of like roughly what do we
think can happen? like someone um I've
learned a ton from working here is a is
a research lead and he likes to say that
like in open AI we can can have really
good conversations about something
that's like a year plus from now and you
know there's a lot of ambiguity in what
will happen but but like that's a right
sort of timeline and then we can have
really good conversations about what's
happening like in like low months or low
or weeks but there's kind of this like
awkward middle ground which was like as
you start approaching a year but you're
not at a year where it's like very
difficult to reason about right and so
as far As far as like aiming, I think we
want to know like, okay, what are some
of the futures that we're trying to
build towards and like a lot of the
problems we're dealing with in AI, like
such as alignment, are problems you need
to be thinking out like really far out
into the future. So, we're kind of
aiming fuzzily there. But when it comes
down to the more tactically like, oh
yeah, like what product will we build
and therefore how will people use that
product? That's the place where we're
much more like let's find out
empirically.
>> That's a good way of putting it.
Something else that when people hear
this, they people sometimes hear
companies like yours saying, "Okay,
we're gonna be bottoms up. We're gonna
try a bunch of stuff. We're not going to
have exactly a plan of where it's going
in the next few months." The key is you
all hire the best people in the world.
And so that feels like a really key
ingredient in order to be this
successful at Bottoms Upwork. it just
super resonates basically.
>> Um I was just like again surprised or
even shocked when I arrived at like the
level of like individual like drive and
like autonomy that everyone here has. So
I think like the way that OpenAI runs
like many you can't like read this or be
on listen to a podcast and be like I am
I'm just going to deploy this to my
company. Um you know maybe this is a
harsh thing to say but I think like yeah
very few companies have the talent
caliber to be able to do that. So it
might need to be like adjusted if you
were going to implement this.
>> Okay. So let's talk codeex. You lead
work on codeex. How's codeex going? What
numbers can you share? Is there anything
you can share there? Also just not
everyone knows exactly what codeex is.
Explain what codeex is. Totally. Yeah.
So uh I have the very lucky job of of
living in the future and leading
products on codeex. Um and codeex is
open coding agent. So super concretely
that means it's an IDE extension VS code
extension uh that you can install or a
terminal tool that you can install and
when you do so you can then basically
pair with codeex to answer questions
about code write code uh you know run
tests execute code and do a bunch of the
work in sort of that like thick middle
section of the software development life
cycle which is all about uh you know
writing code that you're going to get
into production. Uh more broadly we
think of codeex as like it's the what it
currently is is just the beginning of a
software engineering teammate. And so
you know when we when you when we use a
big word like teammate like some of the
things we're imagining are that it's not
only able to to write code but actually
it participates like early on in like
the ideation and planning phases of
writing software and then further
downstream in terms of like validation
deploying and like maintaining code. to
make that a little more fun. Like one
thing I like to imagine is like if you
think of what Codex is today, it's a bit
like this like really smart intern that
like refuses to read Slack and like
doesn't check data dog or like Sentry
unless you ask it to. And so like no
matter how smart it is, like how much
are you going to trust it to write code
without you also working with it, right?
So that's how people use it mostly today
is they pair with it.
>> But we want to get to the point where
you know it can work like just like a
new intern that you hire, you don't only
ask them to write code, but you ask them
to participate across the cycle. And so
you know that like even if they don't
get something right the first try,
they're eventually going to be able to
iterate their way there.
>> I thought the way uh I thought the point
about not reading Slack in Dave Dog was
it's just not distracted. It's just
constantly focused and is always in
flow. But I get what you're saying there
is it doesn't have all the context on
everything that's going on.
>> And like that's not only true when it's
performing a task, but again if you
think of like the best human teammates,
like you don't tell them what to do,
>> right? Like maybe when you first hire
them, you have like a couple meetings
and you're like, "Hey, like you kind of
learn like, okay, this is this these
prompts work for this teammate. These
prompts don't, right? This is how to
communicate with this person." Then
eventually you give them some starter
tasks. You delegate a few tasks. But
then eventually you just say like, "Hey,
great. Okay, you're working with this
set of people in this area of the
codebase. You know, feel free to work
with other people in other parts of the
codebase too even." And yeah, you tell
me what you think makes sense to be
done, right? And so, you know, we think
of this as like proactivity and like one
of our major goals with Codeex is to
like get to proactivity.
I think this is this is like critically
important to like achieve the mission of
OpenAI which is to deliver the benefits
of AI to all humanity. You know, I like
to joke today that like AI products and
it's it's a half joke. They're actually
like really hard to use because you have
to like be very thoughtful about when it
could help you. And if you're not
prompting a model to help you, it's
probably not helping you at that time.
And if you think of how many times like
the average user is prompting AI today,
it's probably like tens of times. But if
you think of how many times people could
actually get benefit from a really
intelligent entity, it's thousands of
times per day. And so a large a large
part of our our goal with codeex is to
figure out like what is the shape of an
actual teammate agent that is sort of
helpful by default. When people think
about cursor and uh even cloud code,
it's like a IDE that helps you code and
kind of autocompletes code and maybe
does some agentic work. What I'm hearing
here is the vision is is different which
is it's a teammate. It's like a remote
teammate, a building code for you that
you talk to and ask to do things and it
also does IDE autocomplete and things
like that. Is that is that a kind of a
differentiator in the way you think
about codecs? It's basically this idea
that like we want the way like if you're
a developer and you're trying to get
something done, we want you to just feel
like you have superpowers and you're
able to move much much faster. But we
don't think that in order for you to
reap those benefits, you need to be
sitting there constantly thinking about
like how can I invoke AI at this point
to do this thing. We want you to be able
to sort of like plug it in to the way
that you work and have it just start to
do stuff without you having to think
about it.
>> Okay. I have a lot of questions along
those lines, but uh just how's it going?
Is there any stats, any numbers you can
share about how Codex is doing?
>> Yeah, it's been Codex has been growing
like absolutely explosively um since the
launch of GPT5 back in August. Um
there's some definitely some interesting
like product insights to talk about as
to like how we unlock that growth if
you're interested. But yeah, the last
the last stat we shared there was like
we we were like well over 10x since
August. In fact, it's been like 20x
since then. Um, also the codex models
are serving many many trillions of
tokens a week now and it's basically
like our most served coding model. Um,
one of the really cool things that we've
seen is that the way that we decided to
set up the codeex team uh was to build a
you know really tightly integrated
product and research team that are
iterating on the model and the harness
together. And it turns out that lets you
just do a lot more and try many more
experiments as to how these things will
work together. And so we were just
training these models for use in our
first party harness that we were very
opinionated about. And then what we've
started to see more recently actually is
that other major sort of API coding
customers are now starting to adopt
these models as well. And so we've
reached a point where actually the
codeex model is the most served coding
model in the API as well.
>> You uh hinted at this uh what unlocked
this growth? I am extremely interested
in hearing that. It felt like before, I
don't know, maybe this was before you
joined the team. It just felt like cloud
code was killing it. Just everyone was
sitting on top of cloud code. It was by
far the best way to code. And then all
of a sudden, Codex comes around. I
remember Carpathy tweeted that he just
like has never seen a model like this.
He I think the tweet was the gnarliest
bugs that he runs into that he just
spends hours trying to figure out.
Nothing else has solved. He gives it to
Codeex, lets it run for an hour, and it
solves it. What What did you guys do? We
have this strong sort of mission here at
OpenAI to you know basically to build
AGI. Um and so we we think a lot about
what how can we shape the product so
that it can scale right you know earlier
I was mentioning like hey like if you're
an engineer you should be getting help
from from AI like thousands of times per
day right and so we thought a lot about
the primitives for that when we launched
our first version of codeex uh which was
Codex cloud and that was basically a
product that had its own computer lives
in the cloud you could delegate to it
and you know the sort of the coolest
part about that was you could run many
many tasks in parallel
But some of the challenges that we saw
are that it's a little bit harder to set
that up both in terms of like
environment configuration like giving
the model the tools it needs to validate
changes and to learn how to prompt in
that way. And sort of my my analogy for
this is going back to this teammate
analogy. It's like if you hired a
teammate but you're never allowed to get
on a call with them and you can only go
back and forth, you know, asynchronously
over time. like that works for some
teammates and eventually that's actually
how you want to spend most of your time.
So that's still the future, but it's
hard to initially adopt.
So we still have that vision of like
that's what we're trying to get you to a
teammate that you delegate to and then
is proactive and we're seeing that
growing. But the key unlock is actually
first you need to land with users in a
way that's like much more intuitive and
like trivial to get value from. So the
way that most people discover like the
vast majority of users discover codeex
today is either they download an IDE
extension or they run it in their CLI
and the agent works there with you on
your computer interactively and uh it
works within a sandbox which is actually
like a really cool piece of tech to to
help that be safe and secure but it has
access to all those dependencies. So if
the agent needs to do something like it
needs to run a command it can do so
within the sandbox. we don't have to set
up any environment and if it's a command
that doesn't work in the sandbox it can
just ask you and so you can get into
this like really strong feedback loop
using the model and then over time like
our team's job is to like help turn that
feedback loop into you sort of as a
byproduct of using the product
configuring it so that you can then be
delegating to it down the line and again
analog you keep coming back to it but
like if you hire a teammate and you ask
them to do work but they you just give
them like a fresh computer from the
store it's going to be hard for them to
do their job right but if as you work
with them side by side. You could be
like, "Oh, you don't have a password for
this service we use. Here's the password
for this service." You know, yeah, don't
worry. Feel free to run this command.
Then it's like much easier for them to
then go off and do work for hours
without you. So, what I'm hearing is the
initial version of Codeex was almost too
far in the future. It's like a remote in
the cloud uh agent that's coding for you
asynchronously. And what you did is
okay, let's actually come back a little
bit. Let's integrate into the way
engineers already integrate into IDs and
locally and help them kind of on ramp to
this new world. Totally. And this was it
was quite interesting because we we dog
food product a ton at OpenAI. So you
know dog food as in we use our own
product and so Codex has been
accelerating OpenAI over the course of
the entire year and the cloud product
was a massive accelerant to the company
as well. Um it just turns out that this
is one of those places where the signal
we got from dog fooding is a little bit
different from the signal you get from
like the general market because at
OpenAI you know we train reasoning
models all day and so we're very used to
this kind of prompting thing and like
you know think up front run things
massively in parallel and uh you know it
would take some time and then come back
to it later asynchronously and so you
know now when we build we still get a a
ton of signal from dog footing
internally but uh you know we're also
very cognizant of like the different
ways that different audiences use the
product. That's really funny. It's like
live in the future but maybe not too far
in the future. And I could see how
everyone open AI is living very far in
the future and sometimes that won't that
won't work for everyone.
>> Yeah. What about just like uh
intelligence training data? I don't
know. Is there something else that
helped Codeex accelerate its ability to
actually code? Is it like better,
cleaner data? Is it more just models
advancing? Is there anything else that
really helped accelerate? Yeah. So
there's like a few components here. Um I
guess you know you were mentioning
models and the models have improved a
ton. In fact um just last Wednesday we
shipped GPD51 codeex max a very you know
accurately named model. Uh that is that
is awesome. It is awesome both because
it is um for any given task that you
were using GPD 5.1 codecs for it's like
you know roughly uh 30% faster at
accomplishing that task but also it
unlocks a ton of intelligence. So if you
use it at our higher reasoning levels,
it's just like even smarter. Um and you
know that that feedback that or that
tweet you were saying like Karpathi made
about like hey give us your gnarliest
bugs like you know obviously there's a
ton going on in the market right now but
like Codex Max is definitely like
carrying that mantle of uh you know
tackling the hardest bugs. Um so that is
that is super cool. But I will say it's
like some of what how we're thinking
about this is evolving a little bit from
being like yeah we're just going to
think about the model and like let's
just like train the best model to really
thinking about like what is an agent
actually overall right and you know I'm
not going to try to define agent exactly
but at least the stack that we think of
it as having is it's like you have this
model really smart reasoning model that
knows how to do a specific kind of task
really well. So we can talk about how we
make that possible. But then actually we
need to serve that model through an API
into a harness. And both of those things
also have a really big role here. So for
instance, one of the things uh that
we're really proud of is you can have
GP5.1 CX max work for really long
periods of time. That's not like normal,
but you can set it up to do that or that
might happen. But now routinely we'll
hear about people saying like yeah, it
ran like overnight or it ran for 24
hours. M
>> and so you know for a model to work
continuously for that amount of time
it's going to exceed its context window
and so we have a solution for that which
we call compaction. Um but compaction is
actually a feature that uses like all
three layers of that stack. So you need
to have a model that has a concept of
compaction and knows like okay as I
start to approach this context window I
might be asked to like prepare to be run
in a new context window. And then at the
API layer, you need an API that like
understands this concept and like has an
endpoint that you can hit to do this
change. And at the harness layer, you
need a harness that can like prepare the
payload for this to be done. And so like
shipping this compaction feature that
now just like made this behavior
possible to like anyone using codecs
actually been working across all three
things. And I think that's like
increasingly going to be true. Another
maybe like underappreciated version of
this is is if you think about all the
different coding products out there,
they all have like very different tool
harnesses with like very different
opinions on how the model should work.
And so if you want to train a model to
be good at like all the different ways
uh it could work. Like you know maybe
you have a strong opinion that it should
work using semantic search, right? Maybe
like call bespoke tools or maybe you
have like in our case a strong opinion
that it should just use like the shell
work in the terminal. You know, you can
be much you can move much faster if
you're just optimizing for one of those
worlds, right? And so the way that we
built codeex is that it just uses the
shell. But in order to make that like
safer and secure, we uh have a sandbox
that the model is used to operating in.
So I think one of the biggest
accelerants to go all the way back to
your to your answer question Russian is
just like we're building all three
things in parallel and like kind of
tuning each one and um you know
constantly experimenting with how those
things work with like a tightly
integrated product and research team.
>> How do you think you win in this space?
Do you think it it'll event it'll always
be this kind of like race with other
models constantly kind of leaprogging
each other? Do you think there's a world
where someone just t runs away with it
and no one else can ever catch up? Is
there like a path to just we win?
>> Again comes back to this idea of like
building a teammate and not just a
teammate that you know uh participates
in team planning and prioritization. Not
just a teammate that you know really
tests its code and like helps you
maintain and deploy. But even a teammate
you know like if you think again an
engineering teammate they can also like
schedule a calendar invite right or move
standup or do whatever right. And so in
my mind, if we just imagine that every
day or every week some like crazy new
capability is just going to be deployed
by a research lab, it's just impossible
for us like you know as humans to keep
up and like use all this technology. And
so I think we need to get to this world
where you kind of just have like an AI
teammate or super assistant that you
just talk to and it just knows how to be
helpful like on its own, right? And so
you don't you don't have to be like
reading the latest tips for how to use
it. You just like you've plugged it in
and it just provides help. And so that's
kind of the shape of what I think we're
building. And I think that will be like
a very sticky like winning product if we
can do so. So the shape that in my head
at least I have is that we build you
know maybe a fun topic is like is chat
the right interface for AI? I actually
think chat is a very good interface when
you don't know what you're supposed to
use it for. uh in the same way that if I
think of like I'm like on a teams or in
Slack with a teammate, chat is pretty
good. I can ask for whatever I want,
right? It's like it's kind of the the
common denominator for everything. So
you can chat with a super assistant
about whatever topic you want, whether
it be coding or not. And then if you are
like a functional expert in a specific
domain such as coding, there's like a
guey that you can pull up to go really
deep and like look at the code and like
work with the code. So I think like what
we need to build as open AI is basically
this idea of like you have chat chatpt
PT and that is a tool that's like
ubiquitously available to like everyone.
You start using it even like outside of
work right to just help you. You become
very comfortable with the idea of being
accelerated with AI. And so then you get
to work and you just can naturally just
yeah I'm just going to ask it for this
and I don't need to know about all the
connectors or like all the different
features. I'm just going to ask it for
help and it'll surface to me the the
best way that it can help at this point
in time and maybe even chime in when I
didn't ask it for help. Um, so in my
mind, if we can get to that, I think
that's, you know, that's how we we
really build like the winning product.
This is so interesting because with the
my chat with Nick Charlie, the head of
chat JPT, I think he shared that the
original name for Chat JPT was super
assistant or something like that.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's interesting that there's like
that approach to the super assistant and
then there's this codeex approach. It's
almost like the B TOC version and the
B2B version. And what I'm hearing is the
idea here is okay, you start with coding
and building and then it's doing all
this other stuff for you, scheduling
meetings, I don't know, probably posting
in Slack, uh I don't know, shipping
designs, I don't know. Is that is the
idea there this is like the the business
version of ChatGpt in a sense. Or is
there or is there something else there?
>> Yeah. So, you know, so we're getting to
the like the like one-year time horizon
conversation. A lot of this might happen
sooner, but in terms of fuzziness, I
think we're at the one year. So, I'll
give you like a contention in like the
plausible way we get there, but as for
how it happens, who knows? So,
basically, if we're going to build a
super assistant, it has to be able to do
things, right? So, like we're going to
have a model and it's going to be able
to do stuff affecting your world.
>> And one of the learnings I think we've
seen over the past year or so is that
for models to do stuff, they're much
more effective when they can use a
computer,
right? Okay. So, now we're like, okay,
we need the super assistant that can use
a computer, right? or many computers.
And now the question is, okay, well, how
should it use the computer, right? And
there's lots of ways to use a computer.
Uh, you know, you could try to hack the
OS and like use accessibility APIs.
Maybe a bit easier is you could point
and click. That's a little slow, you
know, and uh unpredictable sometimes.
Um, and another way, it turns out the
best way for models to use computers is
simply to write code, right? And so
we're kind of getting to this idea where
like, well, if you want to build any
agent, maybe you should be building a
coding agent. And maybe to the user, a
nontechnical user, they won't even know
they're using a coding agent. The same
way that no one thinks about are they
using the internet or not, which is
they're more just like is Wi-Fi on?
Right? So I think that what we're doing
with Codeex is we're building a software
engineering teammate. And as part of
that, we're kind of building an agent
that can use uh a computer by writing
code. And so we're already seeing like
some pull for this. It's like quite
early, but we're starting to see people
like who are using codeex for like
coding adjacent product purposes.
And so as that develops, I think we'll
just naturally see that like, oh, it
turns out like we should just always
have the agent write code if there is a
coding way to solve a problem instead
of, you know, even if you're doing a
financial analysis, right? Like maybe
write some code for that. So basically
like, you know, you were like, hey, is
this like the two ends of of uh of this
product for the super assistant, right,
of CHCH PT? In my mind, like just coding
is a core competency of any agent,
including Chach PT. And so like what
really what we think we're building is
like that competency. But so here's
here's like the really cool thing about
agents writing code is that you can
import code right code is like
composable interoperable right because
if if we you know one very reductive
view we could have for an agent is it's
just going to be given a computer and
it's just going to like point and click
and you know go around but you know that
is the future and then how we get there
is difficult to sort of chart a path
because a lot of the questions around
building agents aren't like can the
agent do it but it's more about well how
can we help the agent understand the
context that it's working in and like
the team that's using it you know
probably has a way that they like to do
things they have guidelines they
probably want certain deterministic
guarantees about what the agent can or
cannot do or they want to know that the
agent understands sort of this detail
like an example would be you know if
we're looking at a crash reporting tool
hitting a connector for it every sub
team is probably has a different meta
prompt for like how they want the
crashes to be analyzed ized, right? And
so we start to get to this thing where
like, yeah, we have this agent sitting
in front of a computer, but we need to
make that configurable for the team or
for the user, right? And let them like
stuff that the agent does often, we
probably just want to like build in as a
competency that this agent has that it
can do. So I think we end up with this
generalizable thing that you were saying
of like an agent that can just write its
own scripts for whatever it wants to do.
But I think that the the really key part
here is can we make it so that
everything that the agent has to do
often or that it does well we can just
like remember and store so that the
agent doesn't have to write a script for
that again. Right. Or maybe like if I
just joined a team and you are already
on the same team as me. I can just like
use all those scripts that the agents
had written already.
>> Yeah. It's like if this is our teammate
uh we can they can share things that
it's learned from working with other
people at the company. Just makes sense
as a metaphor.
>> Yeah. It feels like you're in the uh
Karpathy camp of agents today are not
that great and mostly slop and maybe in
the future they'll be awesome. Does that
resonate?
>> I think so. I think coding agents are
pretty great. I think
>> uh ton of value,
>> right? Yep.
>> And then I think like agents outside of
coding, it's still like very early and
you know, this is just my opinion, but I
think they're going to get a whole lot
better once they can use coding too and
like in a composable way.
This is it's kind of the fun part of
like when you're building for software
engineers. Like I at my startup we were
building for software engineers too for
a lot of that journey and they're just
such a fun audience to build for because
you know they also like building for
themselves and are often like even more
creative than we are and thinking about
how to use the technology. Um and so
like by building for software engineers
you get to just observe a ton of
emergent behaviors and like things that
you should do and build into the
product. I love how you you say that
because a lot of people building for
engineers get really annoyed because the
engineers are so they're just always
complaining about stuff. They're like,
"Ah, that sucks. Why'd you build it this
way?" I love that you enjoy it, but I
think it's probably because you're
building such an amazing tool for
engineers that can actually solve
problems and just, you know, code for
them. Um, kind of along those lines, you
know, there's always this talk of what
will happen with jobs, engineers,
coding, do you have to learn coding, all
these things? Uh clearly the way you're
describing it is it's a teammate. It's
going to work with you, make you more
superhuman. It's not going to replace
you with the way you just think about
the impact on the field of engineering
having this super intelligent
engineering teammate. I think there's
there's two sides to it, but the one we
were just talking about is this idea
that maybe every agent should actually
use code and be a coding agent. And in
my mind, that's just like a small part
of this like broader idea that like,
hey, as we make code even more
ubiquitous, I mean, you could probably
claim it's ubiquitous today, even pre
AAI, right? But as we make code even
more ubiquitous, it's actually just
going to be used for many more purposes.
And so there's just going to be a ton
more need for people with this like
humans with this competency. So that's
my view. I think this is like quite a
complex topic. So, you know, it's
something we talk about a lot and we
have to kind of see how it pans out. But
I think what we can do what we can do
basically as a product team building in
the space is just try to always think
about how are we building a tool so that
it feels like we're like maximally
accelerating uh people you know rather
than building a tool that makes it like
more unclear what you should do as the
human right like I think like to to you
know give an example right now like
nowadays when you work with a coding
agent um it writes a ton of code but it
turns out writing code is actually one
of the most fun parts of software
engineering for many software engineers.
is so then you end up reviewing AI code,
right? And that's often a less fun part
of the job for many software engineers,
right? And so I actually think like we
see that like this this comes out plays
out all the time in like a ton of micro
decisions. And so we as a product team
are always thinking about like okay, how
do we make this more fun? How do we make
you feel more empowered whereas it's not
working and I I would argue that like
reviewing agent written code is like a
place that today is like less fun. And
so you know then I think okay what can
we do about that? Well, we can ship a
code review feature that like helps you
build confidence in the Irw written
code. Okay, cool. You know, another
thing we can do is we can make it so
that the agent's like better able to
validate its work. And you know, it gets
all the way down into like micro
decisions like if you're going to have
the an agent capability to validate
work. And let's say you have like I'm
thinking of Codex web right now like you
have a a pane that sort of reflects the
work the agent did. What do you see
first? Do you see the diff or do you see
the image preview of the code it wrote?
Right? And you know, I think if you're
thinking about this from perspective
like how do I empower the human? How do
I make them feel like as as accelerated
as possible like you obviously see the
image first, right? You shouldn't be
reviewing the code unless first you know
you've seen the image unless maybe it's
being like reviewed by an AI and now
it's time for you to take a look. When I
had uh Michael Charel, the CEO of Cursor
on the podcast, he he had this kind of
vision of us moving to something beyond
code. And I've seen this rise of
something called specd driven
development where you kind of just write
the spec and then the code, you know,
the AI writes code for you. And so you
kind of start working at this higher
abstraction level. Is that something you
see where we're going? Just like
engineers not having to actually write
code or look at code and there's going
to be this higher level of abstraction
that we focus on. Yeah, I mean I think I
think there's like constantly these
levels of abstraction and they're
actually already played out today,
right? Like today like coding agents
mostly it's like prompt to patch right
we're starting to see people doing like
spec driven development or like planned
driven development that's actually one
of the ways when people ask like hey how
do you run codex on a really long task
well it's like often collaborate with it
first to write like a plan MD like a
markdown file that's your plan and once
you're happy with that then you ask it
to go off and do work and if that plan
has verifiable steps it'll like work for
much longer. Um so we're totally seeing
that. I think spec driven development is
like an interesting idea. It's not clear
to me that it'll work out that way
because a lot of people don't write like
don't like writing specs either, but it
seems plausible that some some people
will work that way. You know, like a a
bit of a joke idea though is like if you
think of like um the way that many teams
work today, they they often like don't
necessarily have specs, but the team is
just really self-driven and so stuff
just gets done. And so almost that is
like I'm coming up with this on the spot
so it's you know not a good name but
like chatterdriven development where
it's just like stuff is happening you
know on social media and like in your
team communications tools and then as a
result like code gets written and
deployed right so yeah I think I'm a
little bit more oriented in that way of
you know I don't even necessarily want
to have to write a spec like sometimes I
want to only if I like writing specs
right uh other times I might just want
to say like hey here's like the
customer, you know, service channel and
like tell me what's interesting to know,
but if it's a small bug, just fix it. I
don't want to have to write a spec for
that, right?
>> I have this sort of
uh hypothetical future uh that I like to
share sometimes with people as a
provocation, which is like in a world
where we have like truly amazing agents,
like what does it look like to be a
soloreneur?
Um, and uh, you know, one terrible idea
for how it could look is that it's
actually there's a mobile app and um,
every idea that the agent has to do is
just like vertical video on your phone
and then you can like swipe left if you
think it's a bad idea and you can like
swipe right if it's a good idea and like
you can press and hold and like speak to
your phone if you want to get feedback
on the idea before you swipe, you know.
So in this world like basically what
your job is just to like plug in this
app into like every single like signal
system you know system of record and
then you just sort of sit back and like
swipe. I don't know.
>> I love this. So this is like Tinder
meets Tik Tok meets codeex.
>> It's pretty terrible.
>> No, this is great. So the idea here is
this thing is this agent is watching and
right listening to you paying attention
to the market your users and it's like
cool here's something I should do. It's
like a proactive engineer just like here
we should build this feature fix this
thing.
>> Exactly. I think they're communicating
with you in like the lowest like the
gyms like the modern way to communicate.
>> Yeah.
>> Swipe left or right and in vertical feed
and then the Sora video. Okay. So I see
how this all connects now. I see.
>> Yeah. To be clear, we're not building
that but like you know it's a fun idea.
I mean you see you know like in this
example though like one of the things
that it's doing is it's consuming
external signals right. I think the
other really interesting thing is like
if we think about like what is the most
successful like AI product to date
um I would argue um it's funny actually
not to confuse things at all but like
the first time we used the the brand
codeex at OpenAI was actually the model
powering GitHub copilot this is like way
back in the day years ago and so we
decided to reuse that that brand
recently um because it's just so good
you know codeex code execution but I
think actually like autocomp completion
and ID ES is like one of the most
successful AI products to date. And part
of what's so magical about it is that
when the it can surface like ideas for
helping you really rapidly. When it's
right, you're accelerated. When it's
wrong, it's not like that annoying. It
can be annoying, but it's not that
annoying, right? And so you can create
this like next initiative system that's
like contextually responding to like
what you're attempting to do. And so in
my mind this is like a really
interesting thing for us as open AI as
we're building. So for instance, you
know, when I think about launching a
browser, which we did with Atlas, right?
Like in my mind, one of the really
interesting things we can then do is we
can then like contextually surface like
ways that we can help you as you're
going about your day, right? And so we
break out of this like, you know, we're
just looking at code or we're just in
your terminal um into this idea that
like, hey, like a real teammate is
dealing with a lot more than just code,
right? They're dealing with a lot of
things that are web content. So like,
you know, how can we help you with that?
Man, there's so much there. I love this.
Okay, so autocomplete on web with the
browser. That's so interesting. Just
like here's all the things that we can
help you with as you're browsing and
going about your day. I want to talk
about Atlas. I'll come back to that. Uh
codeex code execution. Did not know
that. That's really clever. I I get it
now. Okay. And then this chatter, what
is a chatter driven development? Uh, I
had a No, this is a really good idea,
but it reminds me I had John Gon on the
podcast, CTO of Block, and they they
have this product called Goose, which is
their own internal agent thing, and he
talked about an engineer at Block just
uh has Goose watch him with like his
screen and listens to every meeting and
proactively does work that he should
will probably want to do. So, shifts a
PR, sends an email, drafts a Slack
message. So he's doing exactly what
you're describing in in kind of a very
early way.
>> Yeah, that's super interesting. And you
know, I bet you the So if we go if we
went and asked them what the bottleneck
to that productivity is, did did they
share what it is?
>> Uh probably looking at it just making
sure this is the right the right thing
to do. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So like we see this now like we
have a Slack integration for Codeex.
People love, you know, if there's like
some thing that you need to do quickly.
People just like at mention Codeex like
why do you think this bug is happening?
Right. doesn't have to be an engineer
even like maybe you know data scientists
often here are using codeex a ton to
just like answer questions like why do
you think this metric moved what
happened so questions you you get the
answer right back in slack it's amazing
super useful but when it's as for when
it's writing code then you have to go
back and look at the code right and so
the real like I think bottleneck right
now is like validating that the code
worked and like writing code review so
in my mind if we wanted to get to
something like uh you know that uh a
friend you were talking about world. I
think we we really need to figure out
how to get people to configure their
coding agents to be much more autonomous
on those later stages of the work. It
makes sense like you said writing code.
I used to be an engineer as an engineer
for 10 years. Really fun to write code,
really fun to just get in the flow,
build, architect, test. Not so fun to
look at everyone else's code and just
have to go through and be on the hook if
it is doing something dumb that's going
to take down production. And now that
building has become easier, what I've
always heard from companies that are
really at the cutting edge of this is
the bottleneck is now like figuring out
what to build and then it's at the end
of like, okay, we have all this all 100
hours to review. Who's going to go
through all that?
>> Right. Yeah.
This episode is brought to you by Jira
product discovery. The hardest part of
building products isn't actually
building products. It's everything else.
It's proving that the work matters,
managing stakeholders, trying to plan
ahead. Most teams spend more time
reacting than learning, chasing updates,
justifying road maps, and constantly
unblocking work to keep things moving.
Jira product discovery puts you back in
control. With Jira product discovery,
you can capture insights and prioritize
high impact ideas. It's flexible, so it
adapts to the way your team works and
helps you build a road map that drives
alignment, not questions. And because
it's built on Jira, you can track ideas
from strategy to delivery, all in one
place. Less chasing, more time to think,
learn, and build the right thing. Get
Jirroduct Discovery for free at
atlassian.com/lenny.
That's atassian.com/lenny.
What has the impact of codeex been on
the way you operate as a product person,
as a PM? It's clear how engineering is
impacted. Uh, code is written for you.
What has it done to the way you operate,
the way PMs operate at at OpenAI? Yeah,
I mean I think mostly I just feel like
much more empowered.
Um I've always been sort of more
technical leaning PM and especially when
I'm working on products for engineers, I
feel like it's necessary to like you
know dog food the product but even
beyond that I I I just feel like I can
do much much more as a PM. And uh you
know Scott Beltski talks about this idea
of like compressing the talent stack.
I'm not sure if I've phrased that right,
but it's basically this idea that like
maybe the boundaries between these roles
are a little bit like less needed than
before because people can just do much
more and every time you someone can do
more you can like skip one communication
boundary and make the team like that
much more efficient, right? So I think I
think we see it you know in a bunch of
functions now but I guess since you
asked about like product specifically uh
you know now like answering questions
much much easier you can know just ask
codeex for thoughts on that uh a lot of
like PM type work understanding what's
changing again just ask codeex for help
with that um prototyping is often faster
than writing specs this is something
that a lot of people have talked about I
think something that I don't think it's
super surprising But something that's
slightly surprising is like we see like
we're mostly building codecs for to
write code that's going to be deployed
to production but actually we see a lot
of throwaway code written with codeex
now. It's kind of going back to this
idea of like you know ubiquitous code.
So you'll see uh you know someone wants
to do an analysis like if I want to
understand something it's like okay just
give codeex a bunch of data but then ask
it to build like an interactive like
data viewer for this data right you
would that's just like too annoying to
do in the past but now it's just like
totally worth the time of just getting
an agent to go do something. Um,
similarly, I've seen like some pretty
cool prototypes on our design team about
like if you want to well like a designer
basically wanted to build an animation
and this is the coin animation in codeex
and it was like normally it'd be too
annoying to program this animation. So
they just vibe coded a animation editor
and then they use the animation editor
to build the animation which they then
checked into the repo. Actually, our
designers are there's a ton of
acceleration there. And like speaking of
compressing the town stack, I think our
designers are very PM.
So, you know, they they do ton of
product work. And like they actually
have like an entire like vibecoded sort
of side prototype of the Codex app. And
so, a lot of how we talk about things is
like we'll have like a really quick jam
because there's like 10,000 things going
on. And then designer will like go think
about how this should work, but instead
of like talking about it again, they'll
just like vibe code a prototype of that
in their like standalone prototype.
We'll play with it. If we like it,
they'll vibe code that prototype into or
vibe engineer that prototype into an
actual PR to land. And then depending on
their comfort with the codebase, like
codeex CLI and Rust is a little harder.
Maybe they'll like land it themselves or
they'll like get close and then an
engineer can help them like land the PR.
Um, you know, we recently shipped the
Sora Android app. Um and uh that was one
of the most sort of mind-blowing
examples of acceleration actually
because usage of of codeex internally at
open is obviously really really high but
it's been growing uh over the course of
the year both in terms of like now it's
basically like all technical staff use
it uh but even like the intensity and
knowhow of how to make the most of
coding agents has gone up by a ton and
so the Sora Android app right like a
fully new app we built it in 18 days it
went from like zero to launch to
employees and then 10 days later so 28
days total we went to just like GA to
the public and that was done just like
with the help of Codex
so pretty insane velocity I would say it
was like a little bit I don't want to
say easy mode but there is one thing
that Codex is really good at if you're a
company that's like building software on
multiple platforms so you've already
figured out like some of the underlying
like APIs or systems asking codeex to
like to port things over is really
effective because it has like something
you can go look at. And so the engineers
on that team uh were basically having
codeex go look at the iOS app, produce
plans of work that needed to be done and
then go implement those. And it was kind
of looking at iOS and Android at the
same time. And so you know basically it
was like two weeks to launch to
employees four weeks total. Insanely
fast.
>> What makes that even more insane is it
was the it became the number one app in
the app store.
>> I don't this just boggles the mind.
Okay. So
>> yeah. So imagine releasing number one
app on the app store with like a handful
of engineers
>> uh I think it was like
>> two or three possibly
>> uh in a handful of weeks. Yeah, this is
absurd.
So
>> yeah, so that's a really fun um example
of uh acceleration. And then like Atlas
was the other one that I think um Ben
did a podcast the the the engine on
Atlas uh sharing a little bit of how we
built there. You know many Atlas is is
actually I mean it's it's a browser
right and building a browser is really
hard. Um and so we uh had to build a lot
of difficult systems in order to do
that. And basically we got to the point
where that team has a ton of power users
of codecs right now. And um you know it
got to the point where they they
basically were you know we were talking
to them about it because a lot of those
engineers are people I used to work with
before at my startup and so they'd say
you know before this would have taken us
like two to three weeks for two to three
engineers and now it's like one engineer
one week. Um so massive acceleration
there as well. And what's quite cool is
that uh you know we we shipped Atlas on
on Mac first but now we're working on
the Windows version. you know that so
the team now is like ramping up on
Windows and they're helping us make
codecs better on Windows 2 which is
admittedly earlier like just the model
we we shipped last week is the first
model that natively understands
PowerShell. So you know PowerShell being
uh the native like shell language on
Windows. So yeah, it's been it's been
really awesome to see like the whole
company getting accelerated by codeex
like from and you know most obviously
also research and like improving how
quickly we train models and how well we
do it and then even like uh design as we
talked about and and marketing like
actually we're at this point now where
uh my product marketer is often also
making string changes just directly from
Slack or like updating docs directly
from Slack.
>> These are amazing examples. You guys are
living at the bleeding edge of what is
possible and this is how other companies
are going to work. Uh just shipping
again what became the number one app in
the app store and just beloved all over
the it just like took over the I don't
know the world for at least a week. Uh
built you said in 28 days and like I
don't know 10 days 18 days just to get
like the core of it working.
>> Yeah. So like 18 days we had a thing
that employees were playing with and
then 10 days later we were out.
>> And you said just a couple engineers.
>> Yeah.
>> Two or three. Okay. And then Atlas you
said was took a week to build.
>> No, no, no. So Atlas, not the whole
week, but Atlas was like a really meaty
project.
>> Yeah.
>> Um and so I was talking to one of the
engineers on Atlas um about like you
know just how what they use codex for
and it's basically like we use codex for
absolutely everything. I was like okay
well like you know how would you how
would you measure the acceleration and
so basically the the answer I got back
was
>> previously it would have taken two to
three weeks for two to three engineers
and now it's like one engineer one week.
Do you think this eventually moves to
non-engineers doing this sort of thing?
Like does it have to be an engineer
building this thing? Could sort of have
built been built by I don't know a PM or
designer. I think we will very much get
to the point where well basically where
the boundaries are a little bit blurred,
right? Like I think you're going to want
someone who's like understands the
details of what they're building, but
what details those are will evolve. Kind
of like how now like if you're writing
Swift, you don't have to speak assembly.
You know, there's a handful of people in
the world and it's really important that
they exist. and like speak assembly. Uh
maybe more than a handful, right? But
that's like a specialized function that
like most companies don't need to have.
So I think we're just going to naturally
see like an increase in layers of
abstraction. And then the cool thing is
now we're entering like the language
layer of abstraction like natural
language. And then natural language
itself is really flexible, right? Like
you could have engineers talking about
like a plan and then you could have
engineers talking about a spec and then
you could have engineers talking about
just, you know, a product or an idea. So
I think we can also like start moving up
those layers of of abstraction as well.
But you know I I do think this is going
to be gradual. I don't think it's going
to go to like all of a sudden like
nobody ever writes anything and like you
know any code and it's just specs. I
think it's going to be much more like
okay we've set up our coding agent to be
really good at like previewing the build
or like at running tests. Maybe that's
the first part right that most people
have set up. And it's like okay now
we've set it up so that it can like
execute the build and it can like see
the results of its own changes but you
know we haven't yet built a good
integration harness so that it can like
in the case of Atlas like by the way I
don't know if they've done any of this
or not I think they've done a lot of
this but you know maybe the next stage
is like enable it to like load a few
sample pages to see how well those work
right so then okay now we're going to
like set up set up do that and I think
for some time at least we're going to
have humans kind of curating like which
of these connectors or systems or
components that the agent needs to be
good at talking to and then you know in
the future there will be an even greater
unlock where Codex tells you how to set
it up or maybe sets itself up in a repo.
What a wild time to be alive. Wow. I'm
curious just the second order effects of
this sort of thing. Just how quickly it
is to build stuff. What does that do?
Does that mean distribution becomes much
much more important? Does it mean uh
ideas are just worth a lot more? It's
interesting to think about how quick how
that changes.
>> I'm curious what you think. I still
don't think ideas are worth as much as
maybe some a lot of people think. I
think still think execution is really
hard, right? Like you can build
something fast, but you still need to
execute well on it. Still needs to make
sense and be a coherent thing overall.
Um Yeah. And distribution is massive.
>> Yeah. Just feels like everything else is
now more important. Everything that
isn't the building piece, which is
>> coming up with an idea, getting to
market, profit,
>> all that kind of stuff. I I think we
might have been in this weird temporary
phase where you know for a while like
you could you could just it was so hard
to build product that you mostly just
had to be really good at building
product and it maybe didn't matter if
you like had an intimate understanding
of a specific customer.
Um, but now I think we're getting to
this point where actually like if I
could only choose like one thing to
understand, it would be like really
meaningful understanding of like the
problems that a certain customer has,
right? If I could only if I could only
go in with one like core competency. So
I think that that's that's ultimately
still what's going to matter most,
right? Like if you're starting a new
company today and you have like a really
good understanding and like network of
customers that are currently underserved
by AI tools, I think you're like you're
set, right? Whereas if you're like good
[clears throat] at building like, you
know, websites, but you don't have any
specific customer to build for, I think
you're in for a much harder time.
Bullish on vertical AI startups is what
I'm hearing. Yeah, I completely agree.
There's like, you know, there's like the
general thing that can solve a lot of
problems and then there's like we're
going to solve presentations incredibly
well and we're going to understand the
presentation problem uh better than
anyone and we're going to uh plug into
your workflows and all these other
things that matter for a very specific
problem. Okay. Incredible. When you
think about progress on codecs, I
imagine you have a bunch of evals and
there's all these public benchmarks.
What's something you look at to tell
you, okay, we're making really good
progress. I imagine it's not going to be
the one thing, but what do you focus on?
What's like something you're trying to
push? What's like a KPI or two? One of
the things that I'm constantly reminding
myself of is that a tool like Codex sort
of naturally is a tool that you would,
you know, become a power user of, right?
And so we can accidentally spend a lot
of our time thinking about features that
are like very deep in the user adoption
journey. Um, and so we can kind of end
up oversolving for that. And so I think
it's like just critically important to
like go look at like your like D7
retention, right? just go try the
product. Like sign up from scratch
again. Um I have a few too many like
catchup pro accounts that I've just like
in order to maximally correctly dog food
like signed up for on my Gmail and they
charge me like 200 bucks a month. I need
to expense those. But uh uh you know
like I think just like the feeling of
being a user and the early retention
stats are still like super important for
us because you know as much as this
category is is taking off I think we're
still in the very early days of like
people using them. Um, another thing
that we do that that might might be I
think we might be the most like user
feedback slashsocial media pill team out
there in this space is like a few of us
are like constantly on Reddit and
Twitter and uh you know there's a
there's praise up there and there's a
lot of complaints but we take the
complaints like very seriously and look
at them and I think that again because
you can use like coding agent for so
many different things um it often is
like kind of broken in any sort of ways
for like specific behaviors. Um, and so
we we actually monitor a lot just like
what the vibes are on social media
pretty often, especially I think for for
Twitter X, um, it's a little bit more
hypy and then Reddit is a little more
negative but real actually. Um, so I've
started increasingly paying attention to
like how people are talking about using
Codex on Reddit. Actually,
>> this is important for people to know.
Which the subreddits do you check most?
Is there like an R codeex or
>> I mean the algorithm is pretty good at
surfacing stuff but like r/codex is is
there
>> okay I'll take very interesting and then
uh if people tag you on Twitter you
still see that but maybe not as powerful
as seeing it on Reddit.
>> Well yeah the interesting well the thing
with Twitter is it's a little bit more
onetoone even if it's like in public
whereas like with Reddit there's like
really good upvoting mechanics and like
maybe most people are still not bots
unclear. Um so you get you get like good
signal on what matters and what other
people think. So uh interestingly uh
Atlas I want to talk about that briefly.
Uh you guys launched Atlas. I tweeted
actually that I tried Atlas and then I I
don't love the AI only uh search
experience. I was just like I just want
Google sometimes or whatever. Like just
waiting for AI to give me an answer. I'm
like I don't want to and there was no
way to switch. I just tweeted hey I'm
I'm switching back. I don't it's not
great. And I feel like I made some PMs
at OpenAI sad and I saw someone tweet
okay we have this now which I imagine
was always part of the plan. It's
probably an example of we just ship we
got to ship stuff, see how people use it
and then we figure it out. Uh so I guess
one is that I don't know is there
anything there and two I'm just curious
why are you guys building a web browser?
So I I worked on Atlas for a bit. Um I
don't work on it now. Um but you know
like the a bit of the narrative here for
for me just to tell my story a bit was
like I was working on this like screen
sharing like pair programming startup
right and then we joined open AI and so
the idea was really to build a
contextual desktop assistant and the
reason I believe that's so important is
because I think that it's really
annoying to have to give all your
context to an assistant and then to
figure out how it can help you right and
so if it could just like understand what
you are trying to do then it could
maximally accelerate do um and so I I I
would you know I still think of Codex
actually as like a contextual assistant
um from a little bit of a different
angle like starting with coding tasks
but um the some of the some of the
thinking at least for me personally I
can't speak for the whole project but
was that a lot of work is done in the
web and if we could build a browser then
we could be contextual for you but in a
much more first class way we weren't
hacking like other desktop software
which have like very varied report for
for like what content they're rendering
to the accessibility tree. Uh we
wouldn't be relying on screenshots which
are a little bit slower and unreliable.
Instead, we we could like be in the
rendering engine, right? And like
extract whatever we needed to to help
you. Um and also I like to think of
like, you know, video games like I don't
know if you've played like I don't know
say Halo, right? Like you walk up to an
object. I mean this true for many games.
You press Man, it's been a long time.
This is embarrassing. press X and it
just does the right thing, right? And I
was one of those guys who always read
the instruction manual for every video
game that I bought. And I remember the
first time I read about a contextual
action and I just thought it was like
this really cool idea. And uh you know
the the thing about a contextual action
is we need to know what you are
attempting to do. We need to have a
little bit of context and then we can
and then we can help. Uh, and I think
this is critically important because you
know, imagine this world that we reach,
right, where we're we have agents that
are helping you thousands of times per
day. Um, imagine if the only way we
could tell you that we helped you is if
we could like push notify you. So, you
get a thousand push notifications a day
of an AI saying like, "Hey, I did this
thing. Do you like it?" It'd be super
annoying, right? Whereas imagine going
back to software engineering like I was
looking at a dashboard and I noticed
some like key metric had like gone down
and you know at that point in time an AI
could like maybe go take a look and then
surface the fact that it has an opinion
on why this metric went down and maybe a
fix right there right when I'm looking
at the dashboard right that would be
like that would much more keep me in
flow and enable the agent to take action
on like many more things. So in my mind
like part of why I'm excited for us to
have a browser is that I think we have
then like much more context around like
what we should help with. Users have
much more control over what they want us
to look at. It's like hey if you want to
open if you want us to like take action
on something you can open it in your AI
browser. If you don't then you can open
it in your other browser right? So like
really clear control and boundaries. And
then we have the ability to build UX
that's like mixed initiative so that we
can surface contextual actions to you
like at the times they're helpful as
opposed to just like randomly notifying
you. Hearing the vision for codeex being
the super assistant. It's not just there
to code for you. It's trying to do a lot
for you as a teammate as this kind of
super teammate that makes you awesome at
work. So I get this. Speaking of that,
are there other non-engineering
common use cases for codecs? just ways
that non-engineers, we talked about it,
you know, designers prototyping and
building stuff. Are there any I don't
know fun or unexpected ways people are
using codecs that aren't engineers? I
mean, there's a load of a load of
unexpected ways, but I think like most
of where we're seeing like real traction
with people using things are still for
now like very like I would say coding
adjacent or like sort of tech oriented
places where there's like a mature
ecosystem um or you know maybe you're
doing data an data analysis or something
like that. I personally am expecting
that we're going to see a lot more of
that over time. Um, but for now like
we're keeping the team like very focused
on just coding for now because there's
so much more work to do. For people that
are thinking about trying out codecs, is
there like um does it work for all kinds
of code bases? What what code does it
support? If you're like I don't know
SAP, can you add codecs and start
building things? What's kind of like the
sweet spot or does it start to not be
amazing yet? This I'm really glad you
asked this question actually because the
best way to try codeex is to give it
your hardest tasks which is a little
different than some of the other coding
agents like you know some tools you
might think okay let me like start easy
or just like you know like vibe code
something random and decide if I like
the tool whereas like we're really
building codeex to be the like
professional tool that you can give your
like hardest problems to um and you know
that writes like high quality code in
your like enormous code base that is in
fact not perfect right now. So yeah, I
think if you're going to try codeex, you
want to try it on like a real task that
you have and not necessarily like dumb
that task down to something that's like
trivial, but actually like you know like
a good one would be like you have a hard
bug and you don't know what what's
causing that bug and you ask Codex to
like help figure that out or like to
implement that, you know, the fix.
>> I love that answer. Just give it your
hardest problem. I will say like you
know if you if you're like hey okay well
the hardest problem I have is that I
need to build like a new unicorn
business like obviously that you know
it's not going to work not yet. So I
think it's like give it like the hardest
problem but something that is still like
one like question right or one task um
to start that's if you're testing and
then over time you can learn how to use
it for like bigger things.
>> Yeah. What languages does does it
support? Basically the way we've trained
codeex is like there's a distribution of
languages that we support and it's like
fairly aligned with like the frequency
of these languages in the world. So
unless you're writing some like very
esoteric language or like some private
language, it should do fine in your
language. If someone was just getting
started, is there a tip you could share
to help them be successful? Like if you
could just whisper a little tip into
someone just setting up Codex for the
first time to help them have a really
good time, what's something you would
whisper?
>> I might say try a few things in
parallel, right? Right? So you could try
giving it a hard task. Um maybe ask it
to understand the codebase. Uh formulate
a plan with it around an idea that you
have and kind of build your way up from
there. And like sort of the meta idea
here is it's again it's like you're
building trust with the new teammate,
right? And so like you wouldn't go to a
new teammate and just give them like hey
do this thing here's zero context. you
would start by like first making sure
they understand the codebase and then
you would like maybe align on a an
approach and then you would have them go
off and do bit by bit right and I think
if you use codeex in that way you'll
just sort of naturally start to
understand like the different ways of
prompting it because it is it's a super
powerful like agent and model but it is
it is a little bit different to prompt
codeex and other models just a couple
more questions one we touch on this a
little bit as AI does more and more
coding there's always this question of
should I learn to code why should they
spend time doing this sort of thing. For
people that are trying to figure out
what to do with their career, especially
if they're into software engineering,
computer science, do you think there's
specific elements of computer science
that are mo more and more important to
lean into maybe things they don't need
to worry about? Like what do you think
people should be leaning into skill-wise
in as this becomes more and more of a
thing in our workplace? I think there's
like a couple angles you could go at
this from. Um, I think the
well the easiest one to think of at
least is just like be a doer of things.
Um, I think that you know with coding
agents um getting better and better over
time. It's just what you can do as even
like someone in college or a new grad is
just like so much more than what that
was before. And so I think you just want
to be taking advantage of that. You
know, definitely when I'm looking at
like hiring folks who are earlier
career, it's like definitely something
that I think about is how how productive
are they using the latest tools, right?
They should be like super productive.
And if you think of it in that way, they
actually have like less of a handicap
than before versus a more senior career
person because, you know, the divide is
actually getting smaller because they've
got these amazing coding agents now. Um,
so that's one thing which is like I
guess the thing the advice is just like
learn about whatever you want but just
make sure you spend time doing things
not just like fulfilling homework
assignments. I guess I think the other
side of it though is that it's still
deeply worth understanding like what
makes a good like overall software
system. So I still think that like
skills like really strong systems
engineering skills or even like really
effective like communication and
collaboration with your team, skills
like that I think are are important are
going to continue to matter for for
quite some time. Like I don't think it's
going to be like all of a sudden uh the
AI coding agents are just able to build
like perfect systems without your help.
I think it's going to look much more
gradual where it's like okay we have
these AI coding agents they're able to
validate their work it's still important
and like for example like I'm thinking
of an engineer who was working on Atlas
since we were talking about it he set up
codeex so it can like verify its own
work which is a little bit non-trivial
because of the nature of the Atlas
project. So the way that he did that was
he actually prompted Codex like hey why
can't you verify your work fix it and
like did that on a loop right and so you
still like at various phases are going
to want a human in the loop to like help
configure the coding agent to be
effective and so I think like you still
want to be able to reason about that so
maybe it's like less important that you
can like type really fast and like you
understand exactly how to write not that
anyone writes a you know for each loop
or something right but it is or you know
you don't need to know how implement
like a specific algorithm. But I think
you need to be able to reason about the
different systems and like what makes
like effective a software engineering
team effective. So I think that's the
other really important thing. And then
like maybe the last angle that you could
take is I think if you're on the
frontier of knowledge for a given thing,
I still think that's like deeply
interesting to go down partially because
that knowledge is still going to be like
uh you know agents aren't going to be as
good at that. But also partially because
I think that like by trying to advance
the frontier of a specific thing, you'll
actually like end up like being forced
to take advantage of coding agents and
like using them to accelerate your own
workflow as you go.
>> What's an example that when you when you
talk about being at the frontier? So
>> Codex writes a lot of the code that
helps like manage its training runs, the
key infrastructure. Uh you know, we move
pretty fast and so we have a Codex code
review is like catching a lot of
mistakes. It's actually caught some like
pretty interesting configuration
mistakes and uh you know we're starting
to see glimpses of the future where
we're actually starting to have codeex
even like be on call for its own
training which is pretty interesting. Um
so there's lots there.
>> Uh wait what does that mean to be on
call for its own training? So it's
running it's training and it's like oh
something broke someone needs and it it
does it like alert people or it's like
here I'm going to fix the problem and re
restart. This is an early idea that
we're like figuring out, but the basic
idea is that you know during a training
run there's like a bunch of graphs that
like today like humans are looking at
and it's like really important to like
look at those. Um we call this
babysitting
>> because it's very expensive to train I
imagine and very important to move fast
and exactly and there's a lot of there's
a lot of systems underlying uh the
training run and so like a system could
go down or there could be an error
somewhere that gets introduced and so we
might need to like fix it or pause
things or I don't know there's lots of
actions we might need to take and so
basically having codeex like run on a
loop to like evaluate how those charts
are moving over time um is sort of this
idea that we have to like how to enable
us to like train like way more
efficiently. I love that. This is very
much along the lines of this is the
future of agents. It's codeex isn't just
for building code, right? It's it's a
lot more than that.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Last question. Uh being at OpenAI,
uh I can't not ask about your AGI
timeline and how far you think we are
from AGI. I know this isn't what you
work on, but there's a lot of opinions,
a lot of I don't know timelines. How far
do you think we are from a humanly human
version of AI? Whatever that means to
you. For me, I think that it's a little
bit about like when do we see the
acceleration curves kind of go like this
or I don't know which way I'm mirrored
here, right? When do we see the hockey
stick? And I think that the current
limiting factor, I mean there's many,
but I think a current underappreciated
limiting factor is like literally human
typing speed or human multitasking speed
on like writing prompts,
right? And like you know, you were
talking about it's like you can have an
agent like watch all the work you're
doing, but if you don't have the agent
uh also validating its work, then you're
still bottlenecked on like can you go
review all that code, right? So my view
is that we need to um unblock those
productivity loops from like humans
having to prompt and humans having to
like manually validate all the work. And
so if we can like rebuild systems to let
the agent like be default useful, we'll
start unlocking hockey sticks.
Unfortunately, I don't think that's
going to be binary. I think it's going
to be very dependent on what you're
building, right? So like I would imagine
that like next year if you're a startup
and you're building a new new piece of
like you know some new app or something
it'll be possible for you to set it up
on a stack where agents are like much
more selfufficient
than not right but now let's say I don't
know you messaged SAP right let's say
you work in SAP like they have many like
complex systems and they're not going to
be able to just like get the agent to be
self-sufficient overnight in those
systems so they're going to have to
slowly like maybe replace systems or
update systems to allow the agent to
like handle more of the work end to end.
And so basically my sort of long answer
to your question, maybe boring answer is
that I think starting next year we're
going to see like early adopters like
starting to like hockey stick their
productivity. Um and then over the years
that follow, we're going to see larger
and larger companies like hockey stick
that productivity. And then somewhere in
that fuzzy middle is like when that
hockey sticking will be like flowing
back into the AI labs and that's when
we'll we'll basically be at the AGI
tier.
>> I love this answer. It's very practical
and it's something that comes up a lot
on this podcast just like the time to
review all the things AI is doing is
really annoying and a big bottleneck. I
love that you're working on this because
it's one thing to just make coding much
more efficient and do that for people.
It's another to take care of that final
step of okay is this actually great? And
that's so interesting that your sense is
that's the limiting factor. It comes
back to your earlier point of even if AI
did not advance anymore. We have so much
more potential to unlock if we uh as we
learn to use it more effectively. Uh so
that is a really unique answer. I
haven't heard that perspective on what
is the big unlock human typing speed to
review basically what AI is doing for
us.
>> Mhm. So good. Okay. Uh Alexander, we
covered a lot of ground. Is there
anything that we haven't covered? Is
there anything you wanted to share,
maybe double down on before we get to
our very exciting lightning round? I
think uh one thing is that the codeex
team is growing and uh as I was just
saying, we're still somewhat limited by
human thinking speed and human typing
speed. We're working on it. So um if
you're an engineer um or a salesperson
or I am hiring for product, a product
person, uh please hit us up. I'm not
sure the best way to give contact info,
but I guess you can go to our jobs page
or do they have contact for you?
Actually, do listeners have contact for
you
>> before they send me like, "Hey, I want
to apply to Codex."
>> Uh, I do have a contact form at lenny
richchi.com. I'm afraid of all the
amazing people that are ping me. But
there we go. We could try that. Let's
see how that goes.
>> Okay. Or Yeah. Or another maybe an
easier. We can edit all that out or up
to you. But uh yeah, or I would just say
you can drop us a DM. Uh, for example,
I'm Emir Rico on Twitter and hit me up
if you're interested in joining the
team.
>> What a dream job for so many people.
What's a sign they I don't know what's
like a way to filter people a little bit
so they're not flooding your inbox.
>> So, specifically, if you want to join
the codeex team, then you need to be a
technical person who uses these tools.
And I think I would just ask yourself
the question, uh, hey, let's say, you
know, I were to join OpenAI and work on
Codeex over the next six months, you
know, and crush it. What does the life
of a software engineer look like then?
And I think if you have an opinion on
that, you should apply. And if you don't
have an opinion on that and have to
think about it first, you know,
depending on how long you have to think
about it, I guess that would be the
filter, right? Like I think there's a
lot of people thinking about the space
and so we're we're very interested in
folks who sort of have already been
thinking about like what the future
should look like with agents and like we
don't have to agree on where where we're
going but I think we want people who
like are very passionate about the
topic. I guess
>> it's very rare to be working on a
product that has this much impact and is
at such a bleeding edge of where it's
possible. It's uh what a cool role for
the right person. So, uh, um, it's
awesome that you have an opening and
this audience is, uh, a really good fit
potentially for for that role. So, I
hope we find someone that would be
incredible. With that, we've reached our
very exciting lightning round. I've got
five questions for you, Alexander. Are
you ready?
>> I don't know what these are, but I'm
excited. Let's do it.
>> Uh, they're uh, the same questions. Ask
everyone except for the last one.
>> So, uh, probably not a surprise. I
should probably make them more more
often a surprise. Okay, first question.
What are a couple books that you
recommend most to other people? Two or
three books that come to mind. I have
been reading a lot of science fiction
recently. And I'm sure this has been
recommended before, but The Culture,
I think it's Ian Banks is the name of
the author. Part of why I love it is
because it's like basically relatively
recent writing about a future with AI,
but it's an optimistic future with AI.
Um, and I think, you know, a lot of
sci-fi is like fairly dystopian. Um, but
this is like people uh sort of the joke
at least on the sub culture subreddit is
that let me let me see if I can get this
right. It is a like space communist
utopia or or like I think it's a gay
space communist utopia. Um, and uh I
just think it's like really fun to think
about um like to use the culture as a
way to think about like what kind of
world can we usher in and like what
decisions can we make today to help
usher in that world.
>> Wow. I've not I don't think anyone's
recommended that. I know you're reading,
you mentioned before I started recording
Lord of the Rings right now. Uh if you
want another AIish sci-fi book, uh have
you read Fire Upon the Deep?
>> No, I haven't.
>> Okay. It's uh incredibly good. It's like
a a sci-fi space opera sort of epic tale
with uh super intelligence.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah. Somewhat mostly not optimistic,
but somewhat optimistic. Okay. Next
question. Is there a favorite recent
movie or TV show that you've really
enjoyed?
>> Yeah, there's an anime called Jiu-Jitsu
Kaisen, which I really like. Um, again,
it's got a kind of a slightly dark topic
of like demons. Um, but what I love
about it is that the hero is really
nice. And I think there's this new wave
of like anime and cartoons where the
protagonists are
really friendly and like people who care
about the world rather than being like
sort of like if you look at like some
older anime like that started the genre
like you know those like Evangelian
or Akita and like those characters the
protagonists are like deeply flawed like
quite unhappy
um that they didn't start the genre but
it was like a trend for a while to sort
of poke poke fun at the idea that in
these in these cartoons the protagonist
was very young but being given a
ridiculous amount of responsibility to
like save the world. And so there was
kind of a wave of like uh content that
was like critiquing this by making the
character like basically go through like
serious like mental issues in the middle
of the show. Um and I'm not saying this
is better, but at least it's quite fun
to have like these like really positive
protagonists who are just trying to help
everyone around them. I love how much
we're learning about your uh personality
during these recommendations.
Nice protagonists, optimistic futures.
>> I think, you know, if you don't believe
it, you can't rule it into existence.
So, you're in a balance.
>> This is your training data.
>> Is there a product you recently
discovered you really love? Could be an
app, could be some clothing, could be
some kitchen gadget, tech gadget, a hat.
>> Yeah. So I have been like quite into uh
you know combustion engines um and cars.
Actually the reason I came to America
initially was cuz I wanted to work on
like US aircraft. Um but you know now I
work in software. Um and so for the
longest time I basically only had like
quite old sports cars. Uh old just cuz
they were more affordable. Um, and then,
uh, recently, um, we got a Tesla
instead. And I have to say that I find
the Tesla software like quite inspiring.
Um, in particular, it has like the
self-driving feature. And, you know,
I've mentioned a few times like today,
like I think it's really interesting to
think about how to build like mixed
initiative software that makes you feel
maximally empowered as a human,
maximally in control, but yet you're
getting a lot of help. And I think they
did a really good job with enabling sort
of the car to drive itself, but all
these different ways that you can adjust
what it's doing without turning off the
self-driving. So like you can
accelerate, you know, it'll like listen
to that, you can turn a knob to change
its speed, you can steer slightly. Um, I
think it's it's actually a masterclass
in like building an agent that still
leaves the human in control. This
reminds me Nick Turley's whole uh mantra
was are we maximally accelerated?
>> Yeah. Yeah,
>> feels like it's completely infiltrated
everything at OpenAI, which makes sense.
That tracks. Uh, two more questions. Do
you have a life motto that you often
think about and come back to in work or
in life that's been helpful?
>> I don't know if I have a life motto, but
maybe I can tell you about the number
one value, company value from my
startup.
>> Love it.
>> Which is still something that sticks
with me, which is to be kind and candid.
>> That tracks
kind and candid. Wow. Yeah. And we had
to put them together because we as
founders realized that we often would be
nice
and it wasn't actually the right thing
to do. We would like delay the difficult
conversations and we were not candid.
And so every time we would like remind
ourselves of this motto and then we
would become more candid and then six
months later we would realize that we
were in fact not candid six months ago
and we needed to be even more candid. So
then the question is like okay like how
how should we be candid? It's like okay
well let's let's think of being candid
as an act of kindness but also think of
that both in terms of doing it and
willing ourselves to do it but also in
terms of how we frame it to people.
>> That is a beautiful uh way of
summarizing how to how to lead well.
What's the uh the book about dare uh
challenge directly but care deeply uh
radical cander.
>> Oh yeah yeah
>> yeah. So it's like another way of
thinking about radical cander. Okay last
question. I was looking up your last
name just like hey what's the what's the
story here? So your last name is
Emiricos and I was talking at JGPT and
it told me the most famous individuals
with the surname are the influential
Greek poet and psychoanalyst Andreas
Emiros
and his relative the wealthy shipping
magnate and art collector George Mureos.
So the question is which of these two do
you most identify with? The Greek poet
and psychoanalyst or the wealthy
shipping magnate and art collector? I
think it's it's gonna have to be the
poet because uh he uh he loved the
island that our family's from.
>> Wait, you know those people? Okay, this
is not news to you. Okay.
>> Well, I mean it's an enormous family,
but it's like Greek, so you know these
big families, everyone like everyone's
your uncle, you know what I mean? Like
my mother's Malaysian and also like
everyone is my uncle or aunt in
Malaysia, too, if that makes sense.
>> Yeah. But yeah, he he loved this island
that the family sort of like initiated
from. I believe I don't actually know
where that chipping magnate lived. I
think it was New York or something. But
anyway, we all came from this island
called Andros. Um, which is a really
beautiful place and it's like there's
more like livestock there than than
humans. Uh, not too many tourists go
there. Uh, but I think he like part of
what I think is really cool is like he
published a lot and a lot of his writing
is about like the beauty of that island
which I think is super cool.
>> Wow, that was an amazing answer. Two
more questions. Where can folks find you
if they want to follow you online and
you know maybe reach out and then how
can listeners be useful to you?
>> I I'm one of those people who has social
media only for the purposes of having
work. You know my phone my phone turns
black and white at like 9:00 p.m. at
night. Uh but yeah, so Twitter or XM
Rico. Um and uh yeah, if you post in
r/codeex, I'll probably see it. Uh so
you know, you can go there. Um how can
listeners be useful? Um I would say
please try codeex. Please share
feedback. Let us know what to improve.
We pay a ton of ton of attention to
feedback. I think it's like honestly
like the growth has been amazing, but
it's still very early times. Um so we
still pay a lot of attention and hope to
do so forever. Um and also um I would
say if you're interested in working on
the future of coding agents and then
agents generally then please uh apply to
our job site um and or message me in
those social media places. Alexander
this was awesome. I always love meeting
people working on AI because it always
feels like this very I don't know
sterile scary mysterious thing and then
you meet the people building these tools
and they're always just so awesome and
you especially just so nice and uh as
you like the examples you shared
optimism and kindness you know this is
what we want to be this is these are the
kinds of people we want to be building
these tools that are going to drive the
future so um I'm I'm really thankful
that you did this Um, grateful to have
met you and uh, thank you so much for
being here.
>> Yeah, thanks so much for having me. This
is fun.
>> Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app. Also,
please consider giving us a rating or
leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennispodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.